Statutes of the association- TrueWE

§ 1 Name, registration, official language, and fiscal year
The association bears the name TrueWE;
The association is officially registered in Transnational Community Federation (TCF e.V .RN-725308);
The association uses English as its official language but each language might be practically supported. 
The business year is the calendar year (January-December).

§ 2 Purpose of the Association
The one and only purpose of the association is to increase life’s resilience as a whole. 
The association differentiates within humans, animals, and the environment only based on their vulnerability conditions. Otherwise, there won't be any hierarchy embedded in the association. 
The aforementioned aims shall be pursued through:
Gathering, caring, and educating the community within a decentralized pattern. 
Contributing to science by developing new projects which are aligned with the purpose of the association. 
Nature preservation and environmental protection. 

§ 3 Selflessness
The association shall act selflessly; it shall not primarily pursue economic gains without using such to advance the above-stated purposes.
The association's funds may only be used for purposes in accordance with the articles of the association. In their capacity as members, the members shall not receive any personal benefits from the association's funds.
§ 4 Membership
Any natural (and legal) person who supports the association’s goals may become a member of the association.
Aforementioned person can submit a planned project proposal which may get approved by the community. The budget allowance formula  of each individual is explained in the whitepaper of the association. 
Respective contributors to the approved projects are automatically members of the association and benefit from available incentives. 

§ 5 Bioeconomy 
To sustain the association in the long term and facilitate cooperation among communities, there should be a resilient bioeconomy that is transparent and free of corruption. 
Cryptocurrency and blockchain technology will provide a transparent and scalable infrastructure that increases the bioeconomy's resilience through interconnectivity among communities.
The association’s economy will be entirely powered by the blockchain technology to provide transparency and avoid corruption.  
There will be at least one fixed cryptocurrency as the store of value to back the association’s token which will be used as the medium of exchange.  
The association won’t be allowed to exchange cryptocurrencies for fiat at any time.
§ 6 Organs of the Association
The board of directors:
Consists of at least three members which democratically adjust the medium of exchange’s price over the store of value’s reserve and their decision will be voted on by the community. The board of directors are also incharge of new projects and respective approval from the community based on the token distribution offered in the whitepaper. There is no permanent paid position within the association and each person might get paid only from approved projects.       
projects:
Project proposals, in case of supporting the association’s purpose, might get approved and financed by the community which will be the core foundation of the association. The community engagement and satisfaction from each project indicates approval chances of any further projects. 
 
§ 7 Dissolution of the Association and Commitment of Assets
The consent of all the members is required for the resolution to dissolve the association. The resolution can only be passed after a timely announcement in the invitation to the general meeting.
In case of dissolution or abolition of the association or in case of discontinuation of tax-privileged purposes, the assets of the association shall be transferred in equal shares to the following associations, which shall use them directly and exclusively for charitable purposes:

Ärzte ohne Grenzen e. V. 
Bund für Umwelt und Naturschutz Deutschland e.V. (BUND)
Kinderhilfe für Siebenbürgen e.V. 
